[Docs] Add docs explaining agent initialization (#831)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/public-api.asciidoc

as well as track errors.

[float]
[[api-initialization]]
== Initialization

The API does not require explicit Agent initialization—agent initialization is optional. The `Elastic.Apm.Agent.IsConfigured` property lets you check whether the agent is already initialized.

[float]
[[implicit-initialization]]
=== Implicit agent initialization

> If you don't explicitly initialize the agent, it will be started with a default configuration. This means the Agent will read <<configuration,configuration settings>> from environment variables. If you don't set an environment variable, the Agent will use the default value. For example, the `ServerUrls` default is `http://localhost:8200`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you don't explicitly initialize the agent, it will be started with a default component setup. This means the Agent will read <<configuration,configuration settings>> from environment variables. If you don't set an environment variable, the Agent will use the default value. For example, the `ServerUrls` default is `http://localhost:8200`.
```

Reviewer: Got it. That makes sense to me 👍

In the AgentComponents you can pass following optional components to the agent:

- `IApmLogger`: A logger implementation that will be used to print log messages. Default: A console logger.
- `IPayloadSender`: A component that receives all the captured events like spans, transactions, and metrics. The default implementation serializes all events and sends them to the Elastic APM Server
- `IConfigurationReader`: A component that reads <<configuration, agent configuration settings>>. The default implementation reads configuration through environment variables.

NOTE: In the case of ASP.NET Core, when you register the agent, the `UseElasticApm` and the `UseAllElasticApm` methods both implicitly initialize the agent by calling the `Elastic.Apm.Agent.Setup` method internally. In that setup, the `IConfigurationReader` implementation will read configuration from the ASP.NET Core configuration system in case you pass an `IConfiguration` instance to the method. The `IApmLogger` instance will also log through the configured logging provider by integrating into the ASP.NET Core logging system.

[float]
[[auto-instrumentation-and-agent-api]]

> === Auto instrumentation in combination with the Public Agent API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Auto instrumentation in combination with the Public Agent API
```

With the `Elastic.ApmAgent.Subscribe(params IDiagnosticsSubscriber[] subscribers)` method you can turn on auto instrumentation for supported libraries.

In the case of ASP.NET Core, when you turn on the agent with the `UseAllElasticApm` method, the agent will do this automatically.

With a typical console application, you need to do this manually.

`IDiagnosticsSubscriber` implementations are offered by the agent and they subscribe to diagnostic source events or other data sources in order to capture events automatically.

Some examples:

- `HttpDiagnosticsSubscriber`: captures HTTP calls through `HttpClient`
- `EfCoreDiagnosticsSubscriber`: captures database calls through Entity Framework Core
- `SqlClientDiagnosticSubscriber`: captures database calls through `SqlClient` 

[float]
[[api-tracer-api]]

> === Tracer API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Tracer API
```

as well as track errors.

[float]
[[api-initialization]]
== Initialization

> The API does not require explicit Agent initialization - agent initialization is optional. The `Elastic.Apm.Agent.IsConfigured` property lets you check whether the agent is already initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API does not require explicit Agent initialization—agent initialization is optional. The `Elastic.Apm.Agent.IsConfigured` property lets you check whether the agent is already initialized.
```

[float]
[[implicit-initialization]]
=== Implicit agent initialization

> If you don't explicitly initialize the agent, it will be started with a default configuration. This means the agent will read <<configuration, configuration settings>> from environment variables. In case you don't set an environment variable, the Agent will use the default value (in case of `ServerUrls` this is `http://localhost:8200`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't explicitly initialize the agent, it will be started with a default configuration. This means the Agent will read <<configuration,configuration settings>> from environment variables. If you don't set an environment variable, the Agent will use the default value. For example, the `ServerUrls` default is `http://localhost:8200`.
```

This implicit initialization of the agent happens on the first call on the `Elastic.Apm.Agent` class.

> NOTE: One exception is the `Elastic.Apm.Agent.IsConfigured` method. This method never initializes the agent, it only checks whether the agent is already initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: One exception is the `Elastic.Apm.Agent.IsConfigured` method. This method never initializes the agent, it only checks if the agent is already initialized.
```

> Another example for initialization is when you enable the agent with one of the technology specific methods from the <<setup>> instructions. Specifically when the `UseElasticApm` or `UseAllElasticApm` method is called in ASP.NET Core or when the IIS module is initialized in case of IIS applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another example of initialization is when you enable the Agent with one of the technology-specific methods from the <<setup>> instructions. Specifically when the `UseElasticApm` or `UseAllElasticApm` method is called in ASP.NET Core or when the IIS module is initialized in an IIS application.
```

The default agent setup should cover most of the use cases and the primary way to configure the agent is through environment variables.

[float]
[[explicit-initialization]]
=== Explicit agent initialization

> In case you would like to replace one of the agent components, you can do so by calling the `Elastic.Apm.Agent.Setup(AgentComponents)` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to replace one of the agent components, you can do so by calling the `Elastic.Apm.Agent.Setup(AgentComponents)` method.
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we should combine these into one paragraph

```suggestion
```

In the AgentComponents you can pass following optional components to the agent:

> - `IApmLogger`: A logger implementation which will be used to print log messages. Default: A console logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `IApmLogger`: A logger implementation that will be used to print log messages. Default: A console logger.
```

> - `IPayloadSender`: A component that receives all the captured events like spans, transactions and metrics. The default implementation serializes all events and sends them to the Elastic APM Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `IPayloadSender`: A component that receives all the captured events like spans, transactions, and metrics. The default implementation serializes all events and sends them to the Elastic APM Server
```

- `IConfigurationReader`: A component that reads <<configuration, agent configuration settings>>. The default implementation reads configuration through environment variables.

> NOTE: In case of ASP.NET Core, when you register the agent, the `UseElasticApm` and the `UseAllElasticApm` methods both implicitly initialize the agent by calling the `Elastic.Apm.Agent.Setup` method internally. In that setup the `IConfigurationReader` implementation will read configuration from the ASP.NET Core configuration system in case you pass an `IConfiguration` instance to the method. The `IApmLogger` instance will also log through the configured logging provider by integrating into the ASP.NET Core logging system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In the case of ASP.NET Core, when you register the agent, the `UseElasticApm` and the `UseAllElasticApm` methods both implicitly initialize the agent by calling the `Elastic.Apm.Agent.Setup` method internally. In that setup, the `IConfigurationReader` implementation will read configuration from the ASP.NET Core configuration system in case you pass an `IConfiguration` instance to the method. The `IApmLogger` instance will also log through the configured logging provider by integrating into the ASP.NET Core logging system.
```

[float]
[[auto-instrumentation-and-agent-api]]
=== Auto instrumentation in combination with the Public Agent API

With the `Elastic.ApmAgent.Subscribe(params IDiagnosticsSubscriber[] subscribers)` method you can turn on auto instrumentation for supported libraries.

> In case of ASP.NET Core, when you turn on the agent with the `UseAllElasticApm` method, the agent will do this automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of ASP.NET Core, when you turn on the agent with the `UseAllElasticApm` method, the agent will do this automatically.
```

> In case of a typical console application, you need to do this manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a typical console application, you need to do this manually.
```
